Confusion temple
Confucius Temple, located 300 meters west of the Drum Tower in the center of Qufu City, is an ancestral temple dedicated to Confucius, a famous thinker and educator in ancient China. Founded in the seventeenth year (478 B.C.) of Duke Ai of Lu Dynasty, it was renovated and expanded in successive dynasties. It is called "Three Confucius" together with the adjacent Confucius mansion and the Confucius forest in the north of the city
Beijing
Longtan Park
Tan Park is situated opposite Longtan Beili District in Dongcheng District of Beijing (formerly Chongwen District of Beijing). At present, it is a national 4A grade tourist park. Longtan Park covers an area of 49.2 hectares, which is the main place for most southern residents to enjoy leisure, recreation and fitness. At the same time, the annual temple fair of Lunar New Year is also one of the four largest temple fairs in Beijing.
Beijing
Zhongshan Park
Zhongshan Park is located in the south of the Forbidden City (Palace Museum) in the center of Beijing, west of Tian'anmen, separated from the Palace Museum wall. Covering an area of 230 thousand square meters, it is a commemorative classical temple garden. [1] It was originally the altar of social grain in Ming and Qing Dynasties. It was built along with the Tai Temple (now the Labor People's Cultural Palace) following the ritual system of "Zuo Zu You She" since the Zhou Dynasty.
Beijing
Tientsin Baocheng Museum
Tientsin Baocheng Museum formerly known as Baocheng Qishiyuan, is situated on the south side of Haihe Erdao Gate with beautiful scenery. It covers an area of 260 Mu and invests more than 1.2 billion RMB. It was founded by Mr. Chai Baocheng, member of the CPPCC Committee, Standing Committee of the China Federation of Industry and Commerce and chairman of Baocheng Group. It is the first privately owned blog of the State Cultural Bureau at present. Material garden.
Tientsin
Tientsin Binhai aircraft carrier theme park
Tientsin Binhai Aircraft Carrier Theme Park (hereinafter referred to as "Binhai Aircraft Carrier") is located in Hangu Bagua Beach of Tientsin Binhai New Area. It is a national AAAAAA-class tourist attraction with a total planning area of 220,000 square meters. It is based on the unique tourist resources of the aircraft carrier "Kiev" and serves as carrier sightseeing, military display, theme performance, conference and exhibition
Tientsin
The Tientsin eye
Tianjin Eye, known as Tianjin Yongle Bridge Ferris Wheel, cross-sea River connecting Hebei Province and Hongqiao District, is a river-crossing construction, bridge wheel integration of the Ferris Wheel, both sightseeing and transportation functions.
Tientsin
Xingtai Canyon group
Xingtai Canyon Group is located 70 kilometers west of Xingtai City. It consists of 24 canyons, of which 8 are more than 1000 meters long. It is one of the most spectacular peaks in Taihang Group. It is a national AAAAAA grade scenic spot, a national key scenic spot and a national geological park.
Hebei
Tangshan Bodhi Island
Bodhi Island, formerly known as Shi Jiu Tuo, also known as "Nineteen Tuo", was renamed "Bodhi island" in 2000. Shakya Muni suddenly realized Buddha in the bodhi tree, and hundreds of bodhi trees were planted on the island, hence the name of Bodhi island. Bodhi island is located in the Gulf of Hebei international tourism island Bohai Bay, Tangshan province.
Hebei
former Residence of Dr. Sun Yat-sen
Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall is located in Cuiheng Village, Zhongshan City, Guangdong Province, surrounded by mountains on the south, north and west, east of the Pearl River Estuary, 20 km from Zhongshan City, 90 km from Guangzhou City, 30 km from Macao, across the Pearl River Estuary and Shenzhen, Hong Kong. Founded in 1956, it is a national level museum and a national AAAAA tourist attraction.
Guangdong
Guangdong Art Gallery
Guangdong Art Museum is a plastic arts museum planned and constructed according to the modern multi-functional goal. It is a permanent national cultural institution which is not for profit, serves social development and opens to the public. It laid the foundation on December 28, 1990 and opened on November 28, 1997.
Guangdong